https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamaman syed.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teambhavika gupta.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamdeep kothari.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamdhiraj chauhan.jpeg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teameesha pandit.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamharshit daga.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamhitansh doshi.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamhrishikesh yadav.jpeg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamkartik kounder.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamkhushi bhoj.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teampalak agarwal.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamprathik shetty.jpeg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamranveer shah.jpeg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamrishab pandey.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamrohan dalvi.JPG 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamshailja jaidon.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamshivam dixit.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamshivam dubey.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamshruti jadhav.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamshruti mishra.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamshudhanshu singh.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamtejas borkar.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamwilfred almeida.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/teamyash sharma.jpg 
